Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, after we did the last video, most
people don't stay for the whole
thing. I talked about the volcanoes and
the Lord told me, "Watch the ring of
fire. Watch these things. There's going
to be a mile-wide volcano about to
erupt."Was
that the one in Italy? I
don't think so. This is just what the
Lord told me we're going to start to
see. He said multiple volcanoes. He
said, "Watch Alaska. Watch Canada. Watch
Japan. Watch Italy. Watch the
oceans."He
said, "You're going to start
to see the fish come up."He said, "Fish
you've never seen before."He warned us
about all these things, folks. He said,
"There's great pressure on the Earth's
crust. And in this, we're going to see
things we never thought we would ever
see."I
saw ash all over the United States, Mount
Fuji
of America. I saw major shaking about to
take place.
So, Mount Fuji is the mountain that the
Lord showed me that would go off soon. I
don't know when, but I saw the whole top
of all the snow cap completely gone. It
was leveled out. It's a major eruption
when this takes place. And I know the
Lord showed me Yellowstone
National Park, Yosemite National Park,
that there will be a day that there'll
be a major eruption go off in
the Yosemite National Park. Now, when, I
don't know, folks, but I know in this
time and, like I said, I told
you, am I looking over in the
tribulation? I don't know. All I know
is that I see in part, hear in part, and
I know that the Lord's speaking to me. I
know that he's speaking to me to warn
you about great shakings in the earth, to
warn you about these things. So, we saw
the one volcano go off. There's
more. The Lord told me there's more,
Brandon. This is just the beginning.
There's more. You'll wake up one day.
In a 24-hour period,
everything's going to change.
Everything's going to change. And
I know I've seen major, major eruptions
coming. Major.
So then Black Wall Street, all the
things the Lord showed me about the race
riots and all that, the Lord told me, he
said, "I'm bringing justice. I'm
bringing justice for all. The wrongs will
be made right and financial restitution
is coming with interest. Watch what I'm
about to do."And I was like,
"Lord, we need a sign. You give me these
big words. Lord, show me a sign for some
of this stuff."After I get done, I
pray by myself and say, "Lord, you said
we need fruit when I'm saying
this stuff."24 hours later,
the Tulsa mayor comes on and
says, "We have a package for
$105 million for housing and all
these other
things."That's
not with interest. That's just for
it,
folks. This is just the beginning.
The Lord's showing you first the blade,
then the ear, then the full
manifestation. Now, some people say,
"Well, Brandon, they were working that
over a year ago."It's the timing. Do
you understand? I don't know how long
they've been working on this package.
It's prophetic because of the timing.
Right after we prayed for it as a
family—all
70,000 people prayed,
interceded for this, and travailed. And
God's showing already first the
blade, then the ear, then the full
manifestation. I know this is just the
beginning of what the Lord spoke to us
about. Has the full manifestation of
that happened yet? No. But it's
setting the ball
in motion. It's like a
snowball. It starts out small and then
it rolls into a major thing when it gets
all the way down, like in those cartoons.
Do you know what I'm talking about,
folks? It starts out a little
snowball and then it goes and
it's a boulder. It's a huge, big thing. That's
what it is in prayer.
We get the momentum of this and we
start praying into it and we see what
the Lord is doing, and the angelic hosts
are helping us. That's what prayer
does. It changes things. And I believe
what the Lord told me because I said,
"Lord, what is this all about?"He said,
"It's bringing unity in my
body. There's so much racial segregation
still in churches where you see the
black church, you see the white
church."He
said, "Brandon, for what's about to
happen in the last days, there will be no
racial boundaries. There's no boundaries
in race. There will be no walls in race.
There's not going to be any walls in
denomination where you say, 'Well,
I'm Catholic, I'm Presbyterian,
I'm charismatic, I'm Baptist, I'm
Methodist. We don't associate
with you.'No. It's like there's
racial prejudices and there's
religious prejudice. I'm telling you
all, for what's about to happen, the Holy
Ghost and fire is going to move on all
flesh. And it's not going to matter your
skin, your race, your color, whatever
your denomination, who you are,
folks—rich,
poor, whatever. God is
going to show up on us all if you just
believe. It's time to believe God for
bigger. And it's time to get all our
petty differences aside and say, 'Jesus,
have your way in these last
days.'And
that's what he's looking for: people
that are just sold out. And it won't
matter what you look like.
He's just looking for who is willing to say,
'Yes, Lord, send me. Lord, here am I.'It
doesn't
matter who you are. He's just looking for
somebody who wants to help, who will
say,
'Yes.'And
that's what he's after right now.
And I'm telling you, I believe this is
just the beginning as we pray as a
family and we
step aside from our petty
differences, all this stuff. Yes,
there's hurts. Yes, but God is a healer
of all things. And he wants to heal the
land.
He wants to mend the hearts
for the revival. It's time,
folks. Do you see Jesus is
coming? I don't know, is it just me? I
know my family, we all believe he's
coming. But do you see it? It's like
we've never seen it before. Knowledge is
increasing, just like the Lord said it
would. AI, all the stuff, crypto, all
digital platforms, all the things, beast systems—all
this
stuff's being talked
about. Even the world's starting to talk
about it. And I
go,
'Yep, my king is coming. My king is
coming.'And
he is coming back for a
bride that's without spot or wrinkle. He
is
coming back for a bride that's
sold out, that has their lamps full of
oil. I refuse to be one that, when I
stand before him, he says, 'Depart from
me. I never knew you, Brandon. I never
knew you.'But I want him to say, 'Well
done, thou good and faithful servant.
Enter into my
rest. I have a place for
you.'Because
of what the Lord showed me in
2023 when I told you, I asked the
Lord—do
you remember what I told you all?
Some of you are new here. I said to the
Lord, 'Is this a nuclear
weapon?'because
it went up like a mushroom
cloud. And the Lord said to me, 'No,
this is not a nuclear weapon that
they're about to use.'Because I thought
it was because of the way it looked. It
looked like a mushroom cloud. But the
Lord showed me—remember what I told
you?—it's
not a nuclear blast. 'Brandon,
this is a weapon that they have never
used
before. No man has ever seen
this.'He
said, 'If they use a nuclear weapon,
you cannot inhabit the land because of
radiation and fallout. And they want to
take the land. So, what they will use is
a weapon you've never seen before that
is just as powerful as a nuclear
weapon.'If
you use those kind of weapons right
now, the breeze and the wind
carries it and poisons
them because of the jet
streams.
So they're even tactical. The
Lord said this will carry into jet
streams and poison
them, and they know this. But a new kind
of weapon—remember what I tell
you?—a
new kind of weapon that will look like a
nuclear weapon will be used soon. And I
even told you I saw it by Warsaw,
Poland. I saw it there, and it was a
50-mile
radius. It was a massive
blast, but it was so hot it melted the
people, but it did not hurt the cars
or the buildings. How?
I have no idea. Now, so many people tell
me, 'Brandon, this is the kind of weapon
you're seeing.'I don't know. We've never
seen it used
before. It's something we don't know as
the
public eye. We've never seen it before.
So, how would we know if that's what it
is? I don't know, folks. It's some kind
of
technology.
So then I saw a major draft. Then I saw
a major war escalation. Can we pray
about it? And this is what I want to
tell you. Remember what I told you in my last
prayer video. The Lord said
a lot of this stuff will not be
prayed away. You will not stop this
through prayer. For this is a great
shaking to awaken, for my Son's return is
imminent. And you say, 'What did you see
about
Taiwan?'Now,
a lot of
people are not going to like to hear this,
but I'll tell you, China
invades Taiwan.
I saw a red dome over Taiwan that
looked like some kind of membrane that
was
like a half of a
sphere. But I saw China invade Taiwan,
and they went straight in, and
there was not much of a fight.
They went immediately, and they attacked
the leadership, the head military,
all that. And it was a quick
work. It was a quick work from what I
saw. Now, could it turn into an all-out war
and there's a big battle? I did not
see that. I saw they went in, they took
over the main cabinet and the
prime minister, and they took them
all
out like that. Boom. And they came in,
and they brought in their people, and
it was occupied by China. It was
that fast. Would the Taiwanese
people resist it and fight it? In the
vision of what I
saw, they knew they were
outnumbered, and there was no way to win.
Why? I paused. In the vision, the United
States was occupied with a gray substance on the land. What was gray
upon the
land? I
said, from all the way from the New
Orleans area all the way up to Canada,
there was gray from there east, with some
kind of gray substance all over the land.
And they attacked when that gray
substance was on the land, and I never
told anybody
that. So, it was something new
that I didn't know what to do with.
Instead of just speaking it out last
time, I prayed over it, I got quiet,
and I just skipped over it. But I'll
tell you, I'm open, and I'll tell you
what I saw. And
from there, China attacked whenever
there was gray upon the
land. It was some kind of thick
substance. Whether it was nuclear fallout—which
I
don't believe it
was—or
something like ash, I don't
know. I still can't figure it out. So,
I was still praying over it. But let's
see what happens in the days ahead. I
pray this does not happen. But I
saw revival taking off in South Korea
and Japan. And I saw a major revival
coming to the Asian people, and revival
in Asia
spread. I'll start with this. I saw
one of those Jewish things where they
have
a wedding, and it
was carved out of olive wood because I
heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'This is
out of olive wood.'And it was all
beautifully designed with flowers and
beautiful hand-carvings. It looked like
somebody had really taken time to
carve this olive wood by hand. And
it had a wood floor on it, and it
had four
posts.
It's called a chuppah or a huppah. So, in this chuppah or
huppah
thing, I saw an all-consuming
fire. And I'm looking at it, and I'm
thinking, 'What in the world?'And it was
the Lord Jesus. He was the bridegroom
waiting on the bride. He's already
there. And I could see a fire that was
suspended in the air waiting on the church
at this wedding, at this Jewish
huppah
thing. And I could see the carvings and
all this. And I saw the Father, and
this time, all the light in
the heavens—I
could see this fiery
light. Every single time, it
looks like a ball because He
is
sitting. This time, He was
standing. I could see His legs in this
vision, the outline of
Him all the way up, but it was a
consuming light, a light that would burn
your eyes to look at. But it was
being shielded in the vision so that I
could see the outline of Him. And He
said, 'I'm
coming.'Do
you remember when I told everybody
that He was standing at the door? Jesus
was standing at the door, looking to the
Father, looking for instructions on when
to come back for His church. The Father
was in a standing position now. And He
said, 'What's about to happen to the
earth is the greatest
shaking to awaken the world has ever
known.'I
saw
earthquakes,
and I heard Him
say, 'They're getting ready to come in
hot, Brandon. You're not going to pray
away what's coming to this earth now.
You're not going to pray away these
things. For this is happening to bring
in the harvest, for He's leaving the
ninety-nine
to go after the one.'And I saw
earthquakes in diverse places. I saw
massive earthquakes. I saw earthquakes that
were
making the
earth
distort—not
like when you see buildings
shake, I'm talking about shaking the
foundation of the earth.
I saw
major
volcanoes, massive volcanoes. I saw
mile-wide
volcanoes.
I don't even know if there is a
mile-wide
volcano, Diana, but I saw
it like when you see a graph go a
mile, and you see it like
dot-dot-dot
from the circumference of the
volcano. It
was like that, huge, a major
one
that she said is underneath the
ocean. So, I saw fire coming up out of
this massive volcano that looked like
the whole thing. I'm talking a mile-wide
volcano—this
is a lot of lava—and
it was
coming up out of
this volcano. Then I saw Japan, and
I saw
that mountain that has
the goji berries. And the Lord said,
'Pay attention to the goji
berries.'I
saw Mount Fuji in Japan go off. I'm not
talking about a little bit of an
eruption; I'm talking like blowing the
whole top of it off. There was an explosion in
Mount Fuji. I'm talking about a
major volcanic
eruption that goes off at Mount Fuji. I
don't know when. I don't know if this is
the
Tribulation or if this is about—I don't
know. All I know. And then I saw again a
major tsunami wave hitting Seattle. I
saw another one. And this time,
looking at it, I was
looking from the land of Seattle by
the Space Needle, looking out, and I saw
a wall of water coming
inland. Now, you say, 'Why? I live
there.'I'm
not trying to freak you out.
When I heard all this, the
Lord—I'm
talking about
the Father—said in
a loud voice,
'Do not fear.'And it thundered
across the spirit realm when I heard
this last
night. And the Lord told me, He said,
'For what you are about to see coming
upon the earth, many people's hearts
will fail them for fear.'He said, 'You
will have to stay vertical in the days
ahead.'And
I saw Brush Arbor Churches
again, major revivals coming
throughout the whole world, a major
harvest of souls. And He said, 'Brandon,
a lot of people are coming. What are
they going to get when they get there?
What are they going to experience in
your churches when they get there? Are
they going to get some religious sermon
or are they going to get the Holy Ghost
and fire?'He said, 'I saw the barn
again full of harvesting
equipment.'And
He said, 'I provided you this
harvesting
equipment, the glory of My presence,
the glory of the Lord for this major
harvest that's about to take
place.'And
He said, 'Use
it.'Like,
'Use this harvest equipment. Bring
in these harvests, and I'm coming to get
you. I saw Jesus, I'll tell you, He was waiting. He said, "I'm
watching and I'm waiting. What will you
do with this
window? What will you do with this
window? I'm watching and waiting.
He's waiting to come back. I saw Jesus
on this altar, this wedding
thing, chuppah. I mean,
I'm just excited about it. He was
waiting there for us to
come. The bride's coming. You know, the
groom always shows up before the bride
comes down the aisle. Isn't that cool?
It was so beautiful, Diana. I go, 'Oh my
goodness, Jesus is coming.'Wow. Jesus is coming.
Well, thank
you, Siri.
Amazing, folks. And I saw a great
shaking, but I saw a great awakening.
And then I saw $100 bills falling off
trees. And he said that, remember I told
you, five shakings, five major
shakings:
politics, the earth, the heavens.
And I saw asteroids. I saw comets in
the sky. I saw fearful things in the sky
that will freak people out. I saw
darkness in the middle of the day and
light in the middle of the day. No, I
don't understand that. Wow.
I'm talking dark as night skies in the
middle of the
day.
Light one moment, dark one
moment, folks. I don't know what I saw. I don't know how this happens, but it was light one moment and dark one moment. And the only way I can see that
happening is an eclipse. But I don't
see how, I don't know, because I could see
half the sky was light and half the sky
was dark.
Now, I don't know about you, but that
flipped me out even as a believer. I'd
be like, 'What is going on?'You know,
but I saw some things tonight and I'm
trying to figure out what it means. I'm
not a scientist. I'm just an old country
kid. I just go, 'This is what I
saw.'And
I call it how I see it.
Folks, I saw things that would freak
people out because of the... I saw the
gardens again. I saw shaking of the
economy. I saw shaking of politics.
I saw shaking of war. I saw shaking of
all fronts, a major shifting. But
it wasn't about just America. I saw a
major... Oh, I saw volcanoes. But then I
saw
ash, some kind of gray substance
from Louisiana all the way
up to
Canada, and ash all on the east. Some
kind of gray substance on the land. And
I don't know what that was, but it
looked like a thick,
jelly-looking
gray soot is the only way I can describe
it. Don't know why I saw that, but I
saw it on the east and I saw a revival
coming, and I saw Texas, I saw Oklahoma,
and I saw the brush arbor churches. I
saw the glorious... 'The harvest
has just begun'outpouring,
and the Lord said this: He
said, 'These will be days of fun and the
fun has just
begun. Are you ready for the
fun?'He
kept saying it. 'Are you ready for the
fun? The harvest has just begun there. I
am the Lord of the harvest.'He kept
saying, 'I am bringing in my last...
This is the last call. I'm giving you a
window. I'm giving you a
window.'And
then he kept saying it. He goes,
he said, 'Because the prayers of the
saints in October,'he brought it up
again. He said, 'Because the prayers of
my people in October, I'm giving you
this window for my beloved. There
are
very hard days for some.
Don't...'He
said, 'Don't squander it. Don't waste
this
window.'Didn't
he? Yeah. I'm trying to remember
everything he said. I didn't take notes.
I have to look. I always go back to my
videos and watch it. 'You're nailing it.
You're nailing it. That's exactly
what he said.'He said, 'Don't squander
this window. Don't waste the opportunity
of this
window.'He
said, 'This is the final, the finale.
This is the finale. This is the grand
finale, Brandon.'That's what he said.
'This is the grand
finale. Hallelujah.'It's exciting.
My goodness. He said, 'This is the grand
finale.'And
he kept saying, 'This is the grand finale. You're not
going to pray this away. This
shaking is coming on purpose to shake
everybody to wake them up.
Just be ready to receive the
people that are coming.
They're going to be searching and
wanting more like they're freaking out:
'I got to have Jesus.''So, that's
basically the CliffsNotes. I just
thought it was awesome and I just wanted
to share it again.
I saw the harvesting equipment. I saw
the glory. I saw... not the Father
sitting in a down position like you see
a bowl. He was long in the fire. What I
saw was his outline. Wow. Glory to God. And
Jesus was standing in that
chuppah.
That thing, not
chuppah,
whatever that
is. Glory to God.
So hopefully, that I was excited
about prayer today
gets you excited about prayer today. It
got me excited about prayer. I was like,
'Man, Lord, you're
coming. The powers of heaven will be
shaken. You're going to see fearful
sights and all these
things.'But
folks, look up, for your redemption draws nigh.
Jesus Christ is coming. And whoo, what a
day of rejoicing that will be! Are you
excited about the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ? Does this not get you? I
just go when I start seeing things like
this. I saw to pray over
the election for South Korea. I mean,
we prayed over a lot of stuff.
I was praying over Hawaii, and I saw
volcanoes going off in Hawaii. Yeah.
Major volcano going off in Hawaii,
major, like a big one. Yeah. Pay attention
to Italy,
like volcanoes going off everywhere. And
he kept talking about the ring of fire.
Pay attention to the ring of
fire. Pay attention to Italy. He said,
'Oh yeah.
Pay attention to Italy.
There'll be major earthquakes, major
earthquakes in Italy, major volcanoes.
Things going to be
shaking, things that you've never seen
before,
wars and rumors of wars,
folks.'Woo!
We're right there.
Obviously, I don't know, you know, when
you say, 'Well, what
about the energy and all the things
you see, folks?'I'm just telling you
what I see now. All I know is I pray
into these things. This is what he shows
me and about new energies. He shows me
the things, but then he says he's
coming. So, you say, 'Well, how does
that happen? Am I looking over into the
thousand years?'Folks, none of you know
what that thousand years is going to be
like. There's no description of it in
there. He said the lion and the lamb
will lay together, but do we lose
technology? Do we go back into the stone
age? I don't believe
that. What is he showing me? Is he
showing me into the thousand years? I
don't know. Well, that gets me excited.
I don't know. What is it that he has for
us? New, clean energy? I don't know.
Do we still have cars? I mean, I
don't know.
All I know is that I'm going to have
a glorified
body and that's going to be for us.
That's his bride, his church. And
our heaven's not our home anymore.
He's making a new heaven and a new
earth. There's going to be all kinds of
new stuff going on. Yeah. We can
translate. I don't know. All I know
is that Jesus Christ is
coming. That's all I care about. Whether
that's five years, two months, or
whatever. When you're looking over in
the spirit, right, like that, it
felt like it was
imminent. Seriously, it felt like
the major shakings and all this
stuff could be tomorrow. I'm looking for
a major earthquake tomorrow. I'm like,
where's the volcano going off? I'm
looking for the volcano to go off
tomorrow.
Seriously, like that's how it
seemed when it's right there. It's like,
'Oh my goodness, this is happening right
now.'So,
I don't know. I'm excited. I
hope you're excited.